Well? You want to fight too?
I'll pass. My magic skill will reach 900 soon.
I don't want a death penalty.
You're an honest one...
What about you, Miss?
I'm good too.
Next time, I'll win.
I'd prefer not to
fight you one-on-one.
The feelings I've hidden
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
Seeking only a miracle, I wander
through an endless darkness
If I stay here, I won't
ever see the future again
Tonight the moon summons me again.
Though I still cannot speak,
I keep crying out in my heart
My hidden feelings
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
If I can stay stronger a bit longer,
I will go beyond
this sky right in front of me
I will reach out towards
the future ahead of me
"Captive Queen"
--Hey, what are these flames?
--Shh... Remain Lights.
Their minds are still there.
So, what should I do now?
Thank you? Run away?
Or should I fight?
Personally, I see this as the scene where
the knight of justice saved the princess.
And she weeps and
runs into his arms.
Are you an idiot?
I was kidding!
That's right!
--You can't do that!
--Hey, stay out of sight...
Only Mommy and I can hug Daddy!
D-Daddy?
Oh... Well, this is...
Hey, is that a private pixie?
Y-Yeah, something like that.
Fine, but why is a Spriggan
wandering around here?
I-I got lost...
Your territory is way to the east!
How can you be that lost? You're so weird.
Anyway, I should thank you.
Thanks for saving me.
My name's Leafa.
I'm Kirito. This is Yui.
So, Kirito...
What'll you do now? If you'd like,
I could buy you a drink as thanks. Well?
That'd be nice. Actually, I was looking for
someone who could explain a few things.
Like what?
About this world, and about
that tree in particular.
That tree? The World Tree?
Sure. I may not look like one,
but I'm quite a veteran.
Okay, it's a bit far, but there's a neutral
village up north. Let's fly there.
Huh? Isn't the town
called Sylvain closer?
You really are clueless.
--That's Sylph territory.
--So?
You can't attack Sylphs in their territory,
but they can attack you.
They wouldn't just start attacking.
And I have you with me, Miss Leafa.
Call me Leafa. If you insist, it's fine.
But I can't guarantee you'll survive.
All right, let's fly then.
Huh? You can fly
without an assist controller?
--Well, yeah. What about you?
--I just recently learned how to use this...
There's a trick to manual flying.
Turn around and don't use the controller.
O-Okay.
Can you feel where I'm touching?
Imagine virtual bones and muscles
spreading from here and move them.
Virtual bones and muscles...
That's right!
Keep that up.
Try the same movement again,
but stronger.
Oh, crap!
--Daddy!
--Kirito, you okay?
Make it stop!
I'm sorry, Daddy! That's hilarious...
This is great.
It is, isn't it?
You've got good instincts.
--Now, follow me.
--Okay.
You can take it slow at first.
We can go faster.
Is this the fastest you can go?
Don't blame me
for whatever happens.
I can't go on...
You might be the only other person
who can handle this speed.
"Sylph Territory, Sylvain
January 20, 2025"
We're here.
We'll land at the base
of the central tower.
Wait, Kirito, do you
know how to land?
--I have no idea...
--Um...
Sorry! It's too late.
Good luck!
Y-You're kidding me!
--That was horrible, Leafa.
--It's okay. I'll heal you.
Wow, so this is magic?
Only Undines can use high-level healing magic,
but this one's an important spell,
so you should learn it too.
Different races
get different bonuses?
What are Spriggans good at?
Treasure hunting and
illusion magic, I guess.
Neither of those
is much use in battle.
So this is a Sylph town?
It's pretty.
Isn't it?
Leafa!
You're okay!
Oh, Recon.
I knew you'd survive.
A Spriggan?
It's okay. He saved me.
This is Recon, my friend.
Hi, I'm Kirito.
Nice to meet you.
No... No no no!
I take that back!
Are you sure about this?
He's not some spy, is he?
It's fine.
He's a little too dim to be a spy.
That's mean.
Sigurd and the rest
saved us seats at our usual bar.
Okay.
I'll pass today.
Huh? You're not coming?
No, I promised Kirito
a drink for saving me.
--See you later!
--W-Wait...
Leafa...
--Was that your boyfriend?
--Your lover?
N-No! He's a party member.
That's all.
You seemed pretty close, though.
I know him in real life.
He's my classmate.
But that's all it is!
Anyway, once again,
thanks for saving me!
They were really aggressive...
Are group PKs like that common?
Salamanders and Sylphs
are opposed by nature.
But an organized PK like that
is pretty new.
I'm sure they'll start trying
to clear the World Tree soon.
I'd like you to tell me
about that.
Right, you did mention that.
But why?
I want to get to
the World Tree's top.
I think that's true for
all the players.
--Actually, that's ALO's Grand Quest.
--What do you mean?
You know about the limit
on flight time.
And no race can fly continuously
for more than 10 minutes.
But the first race to reach the Floating City
atop the World Tree and hold audience
with the fairy king Oberon will be reborn
as an advanced class called Alfs.
And they'll be able
to fly as much as they like.
I see. That does sound nice.
How do you get to the top?
The base is a big dome. You can
reach the Floating City from there.
But the NPC guardians that
defend the dome are really powerful.
--That strong?
--The game's a year old.
Would you believe
no one's beaten the quest?
Everyone must be
missing a key quest. Or...
It's set so one race can't
get there by themselves.
You have good instincts.
Everyone's searching like mad
now for a missed quest.
But if it's the latter,
no one will clear it.
No one?
Because it makes no sense.
If only one race can clear it,
why would you help
another race?
Then does that mean it's impossible
to reach the top of the World Tree?
I think so. But you
can't just give it up.
Not once you see how fun flying is.
Even if it takes years, I'm sure...
I can't wait that long!
Daddy?
I'm sorry. But I need to reach
the top of the World Tree.
--Why is it so important?
--I'm looking for someone.
--What do you mean?
--It's not easy to explain.
Thank you, Leafa. All that
information helped me a lot.
Wait. Are you going
to the World Tree?
Yes, I need to see for myself.
But that's crazy.
It's really far, and there
are a lot of strong monsters.
Sure, you're strong, but...
All right, I'll take you there!
But I couldn't ask that
of someone I just met.
Do you know how to get there?
What'll you do about the guardians?
Well, I'll think of something.
It's fine. I've already
made up my mind!
Fine.
Um... Can you log in tomorrow?
Y-Yeah.
Then be here at 3:00 PM.
I have to log off.
Use the rooms upstairs to log out.
Well, till tomorrow...
Wait.
Thank you.
All right, I'll take you there!
He was a weird guy...
Kirito, huh?
It's goodbye till tomorrow, Daddy.
I'll be back soon, to see you.
Um...
Can I sleep next to you
until you log out, Daddy?
Yeah, sure.
Let's save Asuna and buy
a house somewhere again, okay?
It sounds like a dream,
living with you and Mommy again.
It isn't a dream.
I'll make it real soon.
Good night, Daddy.
That look on your face
is just the loveliest, Titania.
The one where you seem about to cry.
I want to freeze it and hang it on a wall.
Then go ahead.
You can do whatever you like, right?
You're a system admin, after all.
Saying such cold things again.
Have I ever forcibly laid
a finger on you, Titania?
Stop calling me that weird name.
My name is Asuna, Sugou.
You're ruining the fun... In this world,
I'm the fairy king, Oberon.
The ruler of ALfheim,
who all players regard with envy.
And you're my bride,
the queen, Titania.
Isn't that enough?
When will you open your heart
to me as my bride?
It's hopeless. Disgust and hatred
are all I have to offer you.
You're very strong-willed.
But you know...
Lately, I've been thinking
it might be enjoyable to take you
by force.
Stop it...
It was a joke. I told you
I won't force myself on you.
It won't be too long
before you start to want me.
Are you insane?
You won't be talking like that for long.
In this world now, there are tens of
thousands of players enjoying the game.
But they don't understand the
true value of the full-dive system.
By expanding
the brain's control regions,
it's possible to control thought,
emotion, and even memory.
No, they wouldn't allow that...
Who wouldn't allow it? Many nations
are already researching it.
That said, human experiments
aren't easy to perform.
But one day, I was watching the news,
and there they were.
Ten thousand ideal test subjects!
Mr. Kayaba was a genius,
but a fool
to prepare such a splendid vessel and
just be satisfied creating a game world.
It wasn't hard at all
to adjust the routers to grab a few players
the instant they were released.
As a result, I got 300 subjects. My research
made great strides in just two months.
The technology to implant
new objects into human memories
and use them to induce emotion
is more or less complete.
Don't be ridiculous. My father would
never allow research like that!
The research is being conducted in secret
by a very small team and me.
--I couldn't sell it otherwise.
--Sell it?
An American corporation is
eagerly awaiting its completion.
I'm going to sell it at a high price.
And RCT too, someday.
I won't let that happen.
Once I return to the real world, the first
thing I'll do is report your misdeeds.
You're in the same position
as the other subjects.
If I wanted, I could
alter your memories too.
I'm on my way.
Wait for my orders.
Still, I don't want to turn you
into a mere doll.
I hope you're a little more
submissive the next time
we meet, Titania.
Farewell, then.
Save me, Kirito...
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
These endless feelings were
swallowed up into my daily life
Swaying as they
change shape yet again
Is it too late now? I ask
myself but receive no answer
It's all up to me now,
both the ending and the beginning
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
I'm going to spread my wings
and head towards that gentle light
Carrying the passion
I've lit in my heart
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
Next Time: "To the World Tree."